CPP-5374 S1709 Introduce exception for "std::initializer_list" constructor (#3978)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1709/cfamily/rule.adoc

=== Exceptions

> The issue is not raised for constructor that have single parameter of `std::initializer_list` type -
> such constructors have special meaning and allows object to be constructed from brace delimited list of initializers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The issue is not raised for constructors that have a single parameter of type `std::initializer_list` -
such constructors have special meaning and allow objects to be constructed from brace delimited list of initializers.
```

[source,cpp]
----
struct Container {
  Container(std::initializer_list<int> elems); // Compliant
};

void handle(Container const& c);

int test(Bar& bar, Baz& baz) {

>   Container c1{1, 2, 3};      // OK regardless if constructor is explicit or not
>   Container c2 = {1, 2, 3};   // Ill-formed if constructor would be explicit
>   handle({1, 2, 3});          // Ill-formed if constructor would be explicit
>   handle(Container{1, 2, 3}); // OK regardless if constructor is explicit or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Container c1{1, 2, 3};      // OK regardless of whether the constructor is explicit or not
  Container c2 = {1, 2, 3};   // Ill-formed if constructor would be explicit
  handle({1, 2, 3});          // Ill-formed if constructor would be explicit
  handle(Container{1, 2, 3}); // OK regardless of whether the constructor is explicit or not
```

or a bit shorter maybe:

```suggestion
  Container c1{1, 2, 3};      // OK whether the constructor is explicit or not
  Container c2 = {1, 2, 3};   // Ill-formed if constructor would be explicit
  handle({1, 2, 3});          // Ill-formed if constructor would be explicit
  handle(Container{1, 2, 3}); // OK whether the constructor is explicit or not
```
